%% Zoottelkeeper: Beginning of the autogenerated index file list  %%
📄 [[array/greedy/045. Jump Game II|045. Jump Game II]]
📄 [[array/greedy/055. Jump Game|055. Jump Game]]
📄 [[array/greedy/121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock|121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock]]
📄 [[array/greedy/122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II|122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II]]
📄 [[array/greedy/134. Gas Station|134. Gas Station]]
📄 [[array/greedy/135. Candy|135. Candy]]
📄 [[array/greedy/321. Create Maximum Number|321. Create Maximum Number]]
📄 [[array/greedy/334. Increasing Triplet Subsequence|334. Increasing Triplet Subsequence]]
📄 [[array/greedy/435. Non-overlapping Intervals|435. Non-overlapping Intervals]]
📄 [[array/greedy/452. Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons|452. Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons]]
📄 [[array/greedy/1326. Minimum Number of Taps to Open to Water a Garden|1326. Minimum Number of Taps to Open to Water a Garden]]
📄 [[array/greedy/1353. Maximum Number of Events That Can Be Attended|1353. Maximum Number of Events That Can Be Attended]]
📄 [[array/greedy/1465. Maximum Area of a Piece of Cake After Horizontal and Vertical Cuts|1465. Maximum Area of a Piece of Cake After Horizontal and Vertical Cuts]]
📄 [[array/greedy/1642. Furthest Building You Can Reach|1642. Furthest Building You Can Reach]]
📄 [[array/greedy/1673. Find the Most Competitive Subsequence|1673. Find the Most Competitive Subsequence]]
%% Zoottelkeeper: End of the autogenerated index file list  %%
